Rel v4.12.0.6 (#74)
pcengines/pcengines.github.io: _posts/2020-10-28-PC-Engines-Firmware-v4-12-0-6.md

---
layout: post
title:  "PC Engines apu coreboot Open Source Firmware v4.12.0.6"
date:   2020-10-28
categories: Firmware
---
# PC Engines apu coreboot Open Source Firmware v4.12.0.6

## Key changes

Mainline:

1. **Rebased** with official coreboot repository **commit** 43439f6.
2. **Fixed** runtime configuration allowing to reverse PCI addressing order.
Previously it changed only addressing of mPCIe devices, now NICs are reversed as

> well. Which means that NIC with WoL should be first in system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
well. Which means that NIC with WoL should be the first booting in iPXE.
```

Legacy:
1. **Fixed** runtime configuration allowing to reverse PCI addressing order.
Previously it changed only addressing of mPCIe devices, now NICs are reversed as

> well. Which means that NIC with WoL should be first in system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
well. Which means that NIC with WoL should be the first booting in iPXE.
```
